hamas's October 7th attack and Israel's
subsequent war on Gaza has spilled over
into the wider
region on October 8th Hezbollah launched
attacks on targets and the disputed
shabab farms in what it said was
solidarity with people of Gaza the
Lebanese border continues to see a
spodic exchange of fire more than 200
people have being killed including top
hisbah Commander
Wi on October 17th own attacks targeted
the Assad and military bases in Iraq the
attacks were claimed by the Islamic
resistance in Iraq that's an umbrella
term for Iranian backed Iraqi groups
such as
kahab an
and on October 19th there were attacks
on us bases in Syria a ten was hit by
three drones following the US base in
the konoko oil field in eastern Syria
was struck by missiles on January 4th
the US targeted Iraqi fighting groups
including a drone strike on the
headquarters of harakat njaba in Bagdad
killing his senior commander of the
group along with other four on October
19th the Iranian backed houthis in Yemen
launched missiles and drones towards
Israel they were shot down by the US
Navy on November 19th the houthis
hijacked the Galaxy leader saying it was
owned by an Israeli business businessman
they announced a blockade in the Red Sea
and continue targeting ships there on
January 12th the United States and the
United Kingdom with the support of
Australia Bahrain Canada and the
Netherlands launched the first of a
series of cruise missiles and air
strikes against the Hui
movement Ali Hashim Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer